README.md, before:

Were you wondering how you can remove the backgrounds entirely from all the maps in osu! ?

This program can help you fix this issue by (at the moment) deleting all the background images from all the map folders that you have.


How does it work?
You can download the repo and open the executable in the build folder.
From there you can select the osu!/Songs folder where all of your songs files are located.
(You can do it manually by pressing the Manual search button or let the app find the possible location for you by pressing the auto search button)
if you selected the right folder all the background images paths will be displayed bellow in the Log text area
You can then proceed by pressing the Confirm button and confirming your actions.
Congratulations! All of the backgrounds have been deleted!
(See #TODO and #Known issues for more information or contact me using the contacts bellow :D)


#TODO:
add a system that stores maps instead of deleting them so that you can switch between having backgrounds and not having them

make the auto-search run asynchronosly, so that nothing freezes while it's searching for the osu!/Songs folder

complete the GUI and add other functionality

#Known issues:
When auto searching for the osu folder the app freezes because it doesn't search for the osu!/Songs folder asynchronously




If you want to help with the project feel free to reach out:
on Github or
Discord h3ll_0u
:D

Commit message:

saving and restoring feature has been added (ver 1.1)

README.md, after:

Were you wondering how you can remove the backgrounds entirely from all the maps in osu! ?

This program can help you fix this issue by (at the moment) deleting all the background images from all the map folders that you have.


How does it work?
You can download the repo and open the executable in the build folder.
From there you can select the osu!/Songs folder where all of your songs files are located.
(You can do it manually by pressing the Manual search button or let the app find the possible location for you by pressing the auto search button)
if you selected the right folder all the background images paths will be displayed bellow in the Log text area
You can then proceed by pressing the Confirm button and confirming your actions.
Congratulations! All of the backgrounds have been moved to the backed up backgrounds folder!

If you want to restore your backgrounds that you previously saved you can select your osu!/Songs folder once again and press 'restore backgrounds' in the upper menu. After confirming the backgrounds will be back for each song that you have previously saved!

If you want to delete your backgrounds permenantly you can uncheck the 'Save backgrounds' from the settings. and proceed the same way as if you were saving the backgrounds.
(See #TODO and #Known issues for more information or contact me using the contacts bellow :D)


#TODO:
add a system that stores maps instead of deleting them so that you can switch between having backgrounds and not having them

make the auto-search run asynchronosly, so that nothing freezes while it's searching for the osu!/Songs folder

complete the GUI and add other functionality

#Known issues:
When auto searching for the osu folder the app freezes because it doesn't search for the osu!/Songs folder asynchronously

When saving or deleting the backgrounds the application may freeze for a bit. Please do not close the application during that time


If you want to help with the project feel free to reach out:
on Github or
Discord h3ll_0u
:D
